link to finish codepen https://codepen.io/nonepicgamer/pen/yLxzMEr?editors=1100
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
      they are tags that describe whats in them. e.g. header
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      it is used for web design
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      attributes are things that specify what we want. e.g. the href for hyperlinks in <a>
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      h1 tags are used for the biggest text so there should be a small amount
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      <a>, img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
       metadata 
    7. What is an id?
       a label we give a specific element for CSS 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
       pretty much all of them 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
       once 
    10. What is a class?
       a label we give a group of elements for css 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
      pretty much all of them 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
      as many as you need 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
       example: <a href="e.com" target="_blank">words for the link to say</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        its used when the image fails to load and displays a image icon and whatever text you put in the attribute 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        after setting the id in html, use #idname in css
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        anything in a section usually has the same theme. div is used mostly for styling
    17. What is CSS used for?
        styling the website 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      use h2 in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        ids are for getting specific elements and class can be used for any amount. id example: you want to change a specific <p> so you give it a id. class example: you want to change stuff about a group of things like a h6 and a <p> so you give it a class.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        do .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        not sure what this means and neither does google so...
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
        a example of a this is having a <div> with a id and using that id in css and that would change everything in the <div>
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar:any-link
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        they are things we put after our tags in css example: h2:hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        grammar? also where? in html? in css? in git bash? in git hub?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
       ignore the "grammar?" from the answer above and read the rest. thats your answer.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
       text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style = dotted
        border-width = 1px
        border-color = black
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        well it depends. you can give everything the same class or you could manually do it in css 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* text */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
       rm filename. i wasnt really told why to be careful 
    34. Why should I use version control?
        they help teams manage changes to source code over time. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        around every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
     git push -u origin branchname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
        i dont think they are around anymore...